Document changes to rclcpp's logging macros (#949)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Galactic-Geochelone.rst

This only affects users implementing a custom waitable.
See `ros2/rclcpp#1241 <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/1241>`_ for more details.

Change in ``rclcpp``'s logging macros
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Previously, the logging macros were vulnerable to a `format string attack <https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Format_string_attack>`_, where the format string is evaluated and can potentially execute code, read the stack, or cause a segmentation fault in the running program. To address this security issue, the logging macro accepts only string literals for it's format string argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the logging macros were vulnerable to a `format string attack <https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Format_string_attack>`_, where the format string is evaluated and can potentially execute code, read the stack, or cause a segmentation fault in the running program.
To address this security issue, the logging macro now accepts only string literals for it's format string argument.

If you previously had code like:

.. code-block::

  const char *my_const_char_string format = "Foo";
  RCLPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), my_const_char_string);

you should now replace it with:

.. code-block::

  const char *my_const_char_string format = "Foo";
  RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), "%s", my_const_char_string);
```

> This change removes some convenience from the logging macros, as ``std::strings`` are no longer accepted as the format argument. ``std::stringstream`` types are still accepted as arguments to the stream logging macros. See `ros2/rclcpp#1442 <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/1442>`_ for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change removes some convenience from the logging macros, as ``std::string``s are no longer accepted as the format argument.

If you previously had code like:

.. code-block::

  std::string my_std_string = "Foo %d";
  RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), my_std_string, 5);
  
you should now replace it with:

.. code-block::

  std::string my_std_string = "Foo %d";
  RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), my_std_string.c_str(), 5);

``std::stringstream`` types are still accepted as arguments to the stream logging macros.
See `ros2/rclcpp#1442 <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/1442>`_ for more details.
```

  RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), "%s", my_const_char_string);

or:

.. code-block::

  RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), "Foo");

This change removes some convenience from the logging macros, as ``std::string``\s are no longer accepted as the format argument.

If you previously had code with no format arguments like:

.. code-block::

  std::string my_std_string = "Foo";
  RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), my_std_string);

you should now replace it with:

.. code-block::

    std::string my_std_string = "Foo";
    RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), "%s", my_std_string.c_str());

If you are using a ``std::string`` as a format string with format arguments, converting that string to a ``char *`` and using it as the format string will yield a format security warning. To avoid the security warning, we recommend you build the string manually and pass it as in with no format arguments like the previous example.

If you don't care about the ``-Wformat-security`` warning and you previously had code like:

.. code-block::

  std::string my_std_string = "Foo %d";
  RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), my_std_string, 5);

you could replace it with:

.. code-block::

    std::string my_std_string = "Foo %d";

>     RCLCPP_DEBUG(get_logger(), my_std_string.c_str(), 5); // raises -Wformat-security warning

Reviewer: Honestly, I think this is somewhat redundant with the previous example.  Also, I think we should explain why it ends up with the `-Wformat-security` warning.  So I'd think about replacing this entire block with:

```
Note: if you are using a ``std::string`` as a format string with format arguments, converting that string to a ``char *`` and using it as the format string will yield a format security warning. That's because the compiler has no way at compile to introspect into the ``std::string`` to verify the arguments.  To avoid the security warning, we recommend you build the string manually and pass it in with no format arguments like the previous example.
```

Author: Good call, I think this makes it much clearer.
